January
With customers looking for opportunities to spend their Christmas money and redeem gift cards, January is one of the most attractive months for online shoppers and sellers alike. Post-holiday sales attract savvy shoppers with an appetite to consume. And this can be a great opportunity to introduce your brand to new customers.

Plus, most consumers spend on their New Year’s resolutions. Veganuary and Dry January are the perfect opportunities to help shoppers with your products to achieve their goals. Right before Chocolate Cake Day arrives at the end of the month 😉

Key dates in January:

2026

1st January – New Year’s Day
1st – 31st January – Dry January
1st – 31st January – Ginuary
1st – 31st January – Veganuary
6th January – National Shortbread Day
19th January – Martin Luther King Jr. Day
20th January – Blue Monday
25th January – Burns Night
26th January – Australia Day
27th January – Chocolate Cake Day
February
With New Year’s resolutions widely abandoned, February holds a lot for dreamers, lovers, and sweet tooths. From World Nutella Day to Valentine’s Day to Shrove Tuesday. You can set your creativity free this month and use promotions on top sellers to grow your sales.

Key dates in February:

2026

1st – 29th February – LGBT History Month
2nd February – Yorkshire Pudding Day
2nd February – Groundhog Day
4th February – World Cancer Day
5th February – World Nutella Day
8th February – Super Bowl LX (Santa Clara)
9th February – National Pizza Day
14th February – Valentine’s Day
16th February – BAFTA’s
16th February – Presidents’ Day
17th February – Shrove Tuesday
17th February – Pancake Day
17th February – Chinese New Year (Year of the Horse)
17th February – Ramadan begins (estimated)
17th February – Random Act of Kindness Day
18th February – Ash Wednesday
20th February – Love Your Pet Day
March
Leaving the cold winter months behind, many hope for the first days with temperatures above the 20 degrees mark. So why not use this happy mood to celebrate International Women’s Day or Mother’s Day with email campaigns that bring loyal customers back to your store to shop for their loved ones? And with Saint Patrick’s Day around the corner, you can even bring some (green) colour to your ads. If that’s not a way to change things up, what is?

Key dates in March:

2026

1st March – St David’s Day
6th March – World Book Day
8th March – International Women’s Day
8th March – Daylight Saving Time begins
12th March – Popcorn Lovers Day
15th March – Mother’s Day (UK)
15th March – March Madness Selection Sunday
17th March – St Patrick’s Day
20th March – End of Ramadan
20th March – First Day of Spring
25th March – International Waffle Day
29st March – BST starts
April
With the consumption of chocolate eggs and other sweet temptations at its peak before Christmas, buckle up your retail marketing efforts. The upcoming April Fool’s Day is an ideal opportunity for you and your brand(s) to show some discounts that seem too good to be true. And if that’s not your thing, you can lean back and market your products as Easter gifts to shoppers in the week before Easter Sunday instead. April: Sorted.

Key dates in April:

2026

1st  April – April Fool’s Day
3rd April – Good Friday
5th April – Easter Sunday
6 April – Easter Monday
10th April – Siblings Day
11th April – National Pet Day
15th April – Tax Day
21st April – National Tea Day
22nd April – Earth Day
23rd April – St George’s Day
May
With temperatures climbing above the 20 degrees mark, why not celebrate the return of summer feelings with the long-awaited World Cocktail Day? And if drinking is not your thing, you can send your shoppers back to the kitchen with shopping stimuli around World Baking or National Biscuit Day.

Key dates in May:

2026

1st May – Labour Day (UK)
4th May – Star Wars Day
4th May – Early May Bank Holiday
10th May – Mother’s Day (U.S.)
11th May – National Eat What You Want Day
13th May – World Cocktail Day
16th May – International Day of Light
17th May – World Baking Day
20th May – World Bee Day
25th May – Spring Bank Holiday
25th May – Memorial Day
29th May – National Biscuit Day
June
June. A busy month when it comes to our retail marketing calendar. Wold Gin Day, National Beer Day, Father’s Day and the beginning of summer should give you and your marketing teams enough ideas to fire up social media campaigns. And if you’re willing to engage in a month-long event, why not sponsor your local pride community to build your brand?

Key dates in June:

2026

1st – 30th June – Pride Month
1st June – Global Day of Parents
3rd June – Bicycle Day
14th June – World Gin Day
15th June – National Beer Day (UK)
19th June – Juneteenth
20th June – Midsummer’s Day
21st June – Father’s Day (UK, US)
21st June – International Day of Yoga
21st June – Summer Solstice
21st June – Beginning of Summer
24th June – Islamic New Year
29th June – Wimbledon Starts (ends 12th July)
July
While July may seem like a quiet month, you should use the slower period to stock up on your inventory and create marketing plans for the upcoming back-to-school busyness. In July, you can still delight your customers by using World Chocolate Day or the start of the school holidays as a hook for your sales campaigns.

Key dates in July:

2026

4th July – American Independence Day
7th July – World Chocolate Day
17th July – World Emoji Day
21st July – Summer School Holidays (differs per school)
30th July – International Day of Friendship
31st July – National Avocado Day
TBA July – Amazon Prime Day

August
With everyone in holiday mode, getting your customers’ attention can be hard. Thankfully, shoppers are also online this month. But you may have to become a bit more specific about which customers you want to target:

Book Lovers Day, World Photo Day or National Dog Day attract a wide consumer base but with very distinct interests. Don’t overcomplicate it. Just pick the relevant events that fit your brand.

Key dates in August:

2026

1st – 31st August – Back-to-School Promotions
1st August – International Beer Day
3rd August – Summer Bank Holiday (Scotland)
8th August – International Cat Day
9th August – Book Lovers Day
19th August – World Photography Day
26th August – National Dog Day
28th August – National Burger Day
31st August – Summer Bank Holiday (England and Wales)
September
With most shoppers returning from holidays, their kids have to go back to school. That’s an ideal time to offer promotions and discounts to your customer base. World Guacamole Day spices things up if you’re active in the food industry (or have a creative marketing team).

Key dates in September:

2026

2nd September – Back to School (differs by school)
6th September – Read a Book Day
7th September – Labour Day (US)
12th September – National Chocolate Milkshake Day
16th September – World Guacamole Day
23rd September – Autumn Begins
27th September – World Tourism Day
October
October holds some really interesting sales dates for ecommerce sellers: If you want to raise the energy levels of your buyers, use International Coffee Day to attach some coffee samples to your shipments. You can do the same for your vegetarian customer base.

Pumpkin Day and Halloween are proven events to run some effective discounts and promotions on seasonal products at the end of the month.

Key dates in October:

2026

1st – 31st October – Black History Month (UK)
1st – 31st October – Breast Cancer Awareness Month
1st – 31st October – Go Sober for October (Stopober)
1st October – International Coffee Day
1st October – World Vegetarian Day
10th October – World Mental Health Day
16th October – World Food Day
22nd October – National Nut Day
25th October – World Pasta Day
25th October – National Pumpkin Day
29th October – National Cat Day
25th October – BST ends
31st October – Halloween
TBA October – Amazon Fall Prime Event
November
This is the month most retailers love and hate the most at the same time. No other month in the year is as busy, exciting and nerve-racking. Make sure your inventory levels and sales plans are up-to-date. The week before Black Friday can be as busy as Black Friday itself. And even if you don’t sell tech, ensure your top sellers are discounted and promoted on Cyber Monday. Those events are not made to offer small discounts.

Key dates in November:

2026

1st – 30th November – Movember (Men’s Health Awareness Month)
1st November – Daylight Saving Time ends
1st November – World Vegan Day
5th November – Guy Fawkes Night
8th November – Remembrance Sunday
8th November – Diwali
11th November – Remembrance Day
11th November – Veterans Day
26th November – Thanksgiving
27th November – Black Friday
30th November – Cyber Monday
30th November – St Andrew’s Day
December
By now, you’ve hopefully reached your sales targets. And if not, don’t worry. Demand is still VERY high, as everyone searches for Christmas gifts for their loved ones. Make sure you promote and discount your most giftable products with a clear lead-time promise. This ensures your customers understand if their order arrives in time for Christmas.

Key dates in December:

2026

4th December – National Cookie Day
4th – 12th December – Hanukkah
10th December – Christmas Jumper Day
21st December – Winter Solstice
24th December – Christmas Eve
25th December – Christmas Day
26th December – Boxing Day
28th December – Boxing Day Bank Holiday (UK)
31st December – New Year’s Eve

I Chunked all these data and stored in the vector ChromaDB. Along with this I have Historical Sales of different products. I am giving all these this data to you to forecaste the sales of mentioned number of month or years by user. you have all these. 
Use LLM, RAG and Chunked data and sales. give complete python code and prompt. 

I am giving the reference code in what way I am expecting, but don't copy that give same code. give working code according to your understandability of content What I am giving. 


